applications: nrf_desktop: Enable GATT long/reliable writes (#21220)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    In the |NCS|, the Partition Manager is enabled by default for single-image sysbuild builds.
    The static memory map ensures control over settings partition placement and size.
    The introduced static memory maps may not be consistent with the ``storage_partition`` defined by the board-level DTS configuration.

>   * Support for GATT long/reliable writes (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ATT_PREPARE_COUNT`) to Fast Pair and Works With ChromeBook (WWCB) configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for GATT long or reliable writes (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ATT_PREPARE_COUNT`) to Fast Pair and Works With ChromeBook (WWCB) configurations.
```

>     This allows to perform :ref:`fwupd <nrf_desktop_fwupd>` DFU image upload over Bluetooth LE with GATT Clients that do not perform MTU exchange (for example ChromeOS using Floss Bluetooth stack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This allows performing :ref:`fwupd <nrf_desktop_fwupd>` DFU image upload over Bluetooth LE with GATT clients that do not perform MTU exchange (for example, ChromeOS using the Floss Bluetooth stack).
```
